Didn't I say it all?
I can do myself.
This is going to be delivered at any time
How to explain to Lin Feng if there is anything wrong out-point?
Don't worry, Lin Feng will bless you.
My child and I will be fine
What a stubborn temper, you can't help it.
Lin Fang
I didn't come to see you before
The child is not stable
You can't blame me, can you?
Lin Fang would not be so petty
Just tell you it's a boy
And Liu Fan has been chasing me
It annoys me so much.
I came to see that you happened to be hiding from relatives
Why are you telling Lin Fang this?
What does it say?
Is he waiting for me down there?
Boring
Oh, right.
What do you think of Tangtang?
What else could it be?
His mind is all on his work
I don't even have a world to eat with me
Tangtang Yuxi is not trying to eat noodles for work
Ah!
What's your trouble?
I have a stomachache.
Ah, you're not going to give birth, are you?
Come to the hospital quickly
Lin Feng, I'll go to the hospital first, bear child.
I'll take you to meet our son then